{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ==============================================================================\
                        NEXUS COMMAND CENTER: CHEAT SHEET\
==============================================================================\
\
--- 1. VISUAL DECODER (COLORS) ---\
\
[ GREEN ]  = BULLISH INTENT\
   - Aggressive: Call Buying\
   - Supportive: Put Selling (Floor Building)\
\
[ RED ]    = BEARISH INTENT\
   - Aggressive: Put Buying\
   - Defensive:  Call Selling (Ceiling Building)\
\
[ YELLOW ] = CAUTION / HIGH VOLUME\
   - Often indicates a "Shakeout" or massive volume on a mixed sentiment level.\
   - In "Fresh" column: Means new institutional positioning ( > $1M ).\
\
[ ORANGE ] = "FRESH" CONVICTION\
   - Used in the Analyzer to highlight flow where Volume > Open Interest.\
   - Means: "This is a NEW position, not closing an old one."\
\
--- 2. LOGIC DEFINITIONS ---\
\
> "FRESH" SENSOR\
  Rule: Volume > (Open Interest * 1.2)\
  Meaning: Traders are opening NEW contracts. This is aggressive positioning.\
  - Green Text: The fresh money is NET BULLISH.\
  - Red Text:   The fresh money is NET BEARISH.\
\
> "WHALE"\
  Rule: Premium > $1,000,000 in a single print.\
  Action: Pay attention. These players move the market.\
\
> "SWING"\
  Rule: Expiration is 30+ Days out.\
  Meaning: They are betting on a structural move, not a day trade.\
\
> BULL FLOW MATH\
  Sum of: (Call Buys) + (Put Sells)\
\
> BEAR FLOW MATH\
  Sum of: (Put Buys) + (Call Sells)\
\
--- 3. INTERPRETATION STRATEGY ---\
\
A. THE STRIKE TAB (PRICE) -> "WHERE"\
   - Look for the "Wall": Where is the biggest Red or Green bar?\
   - Red Wall above Price:   Resistance/Ceiling. (Don't buy calls into this).\
   - Green Wall below Price: Support/Floor. (Look to sell put spreads here).\
   - Divergence: If <14D is Red but >14D is Green = "Short term pain, Long term gain."\
\
B. THE EXPIRY TAB (TIME) -> "WHEN"\
   - Look for the "Dominant Date": Which date has the highest rank?\
   - If top rank is short term (e.g. 3 DTE): Market is hedging/reacting to news. (Noise).\
   - If top rank is long term (e.g. 30 DTE): Market is positioning for a trend. (Signal).\
   - The Bar [RRRR|GG]: Visualizes the tug-of-war. Ideally, you want to see a dominant color (>70%).\
\
--- 4. DAILY WORKFLOW (THE "ZOOM OUT" METHOD) ---\
\
1. MORNING (10:30 AM):\
   - Check Scanner. Are we seeing "Fresh" yellow text?\
   - Action: Click [SNAPSHOT].\
   - Check Analyzer (Refresh): Did yesterday's walls hold? Are new walls forming?\
\
2. MID-DAY (Noon):\
   - Ignore the noise. Go live your life.\
   - The algo is recording everything for you.\
\
3. CLOSING (3:50 PM):\
   - Action: Click [SNAPSHOT].\
   - Check Analyzer (Refresh).\
   - DECISION TIME:\
     - Did the "Fresh" flow confirm the morning direction?\
     - Did the <14D flow flip against the >14D flow? (Hedge signal).\
     - Plan tomorrow's levels based on the updated Strike Walls.\
\
==============================================================================}